An AI Agent can read a longer prompt, carry more history, and still lose the point.
The failure is not always missing information.
Sometimes the decisive instruction is buried under status updates, tool output, examples, and old decisions that all compete for attention.
Anthropic calls the broader solution context engineering.
Prompt engineering asks how to phrase an instruction.
Context engineering asks which information should be available now, which detail should be retrieved later, and which old material should be compressed or removed.
That distinction matters because an Agent's context window is not an unlimited memory vault.
It is a finite attention budget.
Adding more tokens can increase coverage while reducing the relative strength of the signals that should guide the next action.
In this video, you will learn how to manage that budget: choose high-signal instructions, tools, and examples; retrieve detail on demand; preserve coherence across long tasks; and build a six-part context pack you can reuse.